Slide deck—love it!  One suggestion only:  on #8, do a line break after “with” and before “care-“.  With the accident of the line breaking after “care’” I read it as a French word that was hyphenated, and puzzled over it.  In other words, keep “care-tier” together.  I love the integration of these 3 levels of care.
Check-in:  Loved the sliders, and the voice option… though I could not seem to get the latter to work.
Navigation:  I tried to access the previous page after the check-in, but seem to have lost it.  Is it possible to go back and forth through the site without starting over?
Good morning, Bob:  I like the description of the options in the boxes, and the personal prompts.  However, following one of those (writing down 3 of dad’s values)—I couldn’t find a place to do that.  Do I need to have a piece of paper and pen ready?  “Continue” took me to the next step, and tying to back up for clarification, I was taken to a different set of “Suggestions for you” entirely.
I then went back to the “What they carried” reflection, which took me to the “values” prompt—as applied to my father, I supposed, as he was checked as the relevant figure on an earlier page.  Bring prompted to write, I rummaged around and clicked the word bubble in the lower right, which took me to the Companion.  (It might be good to suggest this.)  I simply asked it where to write dad’s values, and it suggested several options—in a paper notebook, journal, Word, etc.  So I just started writing them in the companion exchange, which led to a fascinating and useful conversation.  My suggestion would be to simply outline the options on the orientation screen:  "Write down three values you saw them live by… in a paper journal, notebook, Word document or to interact with the Companion, by clicking the word bubble on the lower right.  You can write for as long or short a period as you choose.”  Something like that.
Letter you will not send.  Good prompts!  But could they do this guided writing within the app, and then decide if they would like to upload it to the Companion, who would then respond as if it were the loved one (LO)?  This would seem potentially very fruitful and fluid.
Practices.  Nice.  Brief. Feasible.  Appreciated.
Grief and Meaning prompt (GMRI).  Nice implementation!  Let’s keep it after all.  But with “I’ve lost my innocence” add “I am less naive about life as a result of this loss.”  [This is an item that otherwise can confuse people.]. The reflection and fantastic “web” illustration of the strength of each dimension was terrific.  I journaled about it too, and loved the whole thing!
Companion conversation:  In response to my entry, it starts with *NAME_1 settles into a calm, attentive silence…] Can this name be filled in with “Dad” in my case?  Also—no suprise—I tend to type in short paragraphs, but when I return to start another, AI immediately answers.  Is it possible to permit a paragraph return, and then only forward to AI when the user taps the “Send” [paper airplane] icon?  When I do send, I notice that it is the Companion talking as itself, not Dad, which is what I expected.  But should the Name then be filled in by Companion, or a name I give it?  *NAME_1 kind of breaks the spell!
Inventory of Daily Widowed Life.  I like this well enough, but don’t own it, so I think we should stay with the scales our team has developed.  The Grief Attack Questionnaire (GAQ) and the Grief Impairment Scale would be good candidates, I think, as well as the Unfinished Business in Bereavement Scale.  But some of these could be held for Premium offerings.
Continuing Bonds:  Is this where I would write a letter to the deceased?  May be this should be an explicit option, one of two:  “Talk to a compassionate Companion about the relationship with the person you have lost” as a first option, avoiding “loved one” in this instance, as the person may be trying to process an ambivalent or even antagonistic relationship, or “Ask the Companion to give voice to the person you’ve lost” as the second.

Across the site, I could not use the dictation options.  These may not yet be enabled, I guess.
